Mutable (#413)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/Vanilla/Utils/IRandom.md

# IRandom

> The IRandom is a random number generator. The class only be supposed to be used in events, not recipes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IRandom is a random number generator. The class can only be used when you have an instance of a World (Such as in an Event handler), it can not be in recipes.
```

## Importing the package

It might be required for you to [import](/AdvancedFunctions/Import/) the package if you encounter any issues (like casting an [Array](/AdvancedFunctions/Arrays_and_Loops/)), so better be safe than sorry and add the import.

`import crafttweaker.util.IRandom;`

## Getting the IRandom

> You only can get it by `random` getter of [IWorld](/Vanilla/World/IWorld/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get an instance of IRandom by using an [IWorld](/Vanilla/World/IWorld/) instance.

Once you have an [IWorld](/Vanilla/World/IWorld/) instance, you can simply do: `world.random`
```

## ZenMethods

> * `nextInt()` returns the next pseudorandom int, ranging from Integer.MIN_VALUE to Integer.MAX_VALUE
> * `nextInt(int bound)` returns the next pseudorandom int, ranging [0, bound)
> * `nextInt(int min, int max)` returns the next pseudorandom int, ranging [min, max]
> * `nextFloat()` returns the next pseudorandom float, ranging [0.0f, 1.0f)
> * `nextDouble()` returns the next pseudorandom double, ranging [0.0, 1.0)
> * `nextFloat(float min, float max)` returns the next pseudorandom float, ranging [min, max]
> * `nextDouble(double min, double max)` returns the next pseudorandom double, ranging [min, max]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nextInt()` returns the next pseudorandom int, ranging from Integer.MIN_VALUE to Integer.MAX_VALUE
* `nextInt(int bound)` returns the next pseudorandom int, ranging from [0, bound)
* `nextInt(int min, int max)` returns the next pseudorandom int, ranging from [min, max]
* `nextFloat()` returns the next pseudorandom float, ranging from [0.0f, 1.0f)
* `nextDouble()` returns the next pseudorandom double, ranging from [0.0, 1.0)
* `nextFloat(float min, float max)` returns the next pseudorandom float, ranging from [min, max]
* `nextDouble(double min, double max)` returns the next pseudorandom double, ranging from [min, max]
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps the bounds should specify what `[]` and `()` mean, for people who don't know what the symbols mean.
